---
title: "2023 Retrospective"
date: 20240101
categories: ["review"]
wordCount: 675
wip: false
---

## Q1

- Planned and hosted Ben's bachelor party in Mexico
- Skied the Poconos with my family. Crammed about 15 of us in a cabin
- Celebrated my 30th birthday in Stowe, Vermont with Lilia and two other friends who are also aquarius
- Saw [The Home Team](https://open.spotify.com/artist/0hp58JplihFjlLstUbKS0x) in Philly

## Q2

- Visited my Dad's new place in San Diego. Absolutely gorgeous city. When I'm rich I'd like to move there.
- Visited Grandma in Florida to help her with her taxes
  Ran the cherry blossom 10m
  Sister in law's bday in Sarasota, Florida. Gorgeous, beautiful beaches.

## Q3

- Celebrated Kevin's graduation with his PhD. If you have a virus, call his wife, Danielle, who is an actual doctor. If your computer has a virus, he may be able to help.
- Celebrated Roman's graduation from Drexel
- Spent a week in Wildwood, New Jersey. It was my first time really being on the shore, and the weather was phenomenal.
- Got promoted, which was the first promotion I've ever received at the same company. It was particularly meaningful because it was the first promotion I got in tech and the first promotion I got after being laid off, which was a huge bump to my confidence -- and a nice bump to my paycheck.
- Finished reading [Hamilton](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Hamilton_(book)>), which was a fabulous read. Having read [Meacham's biography on Jefferson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Meacham#Bibliography) beforehand and considering myself a staunch Jeffersonian, I was impressed by how much bias I had and how my perception of Hamilton, and Federalist ideas more broadly, has changed.

## Q4

- Helped move mom out to Tysons Corner
- Spent Labor Day in Acadia national park and Portland, Maine as a last hurrah before fire school. It was my first time in Maine, and I absolutely must go back.
- Was the best man in Ben's wedding
- Started Fire School -- finished Fire Fighter I training in December
- Planned the third annual LilyPalooza:
  - Space Exhibits at the [Air & Space Museum](https://airandspace.si.edu/) & Lunch in DC
  - Steakhouse dinner with Mom in Tyson's
  - Game night at Dave & Busters
  - Night in decorating our tree
  - Pizza & Wine in Mosaic
  - Cooking Class
  - Visiting Open Houses & Dinner Date
  - Spa day for Lilia while I was at Fire School
- Saw The Arctic Monkeys for the first time with Lilia
- Started McCullough's biograhpy on [John Adams](/writings/presidential-biographies)
- Didn't have to travel more than 15 minutes to see family for Christmas, which is the first time in almost 13 years.
- Personal Bests in Weight Lifting (1 Rep-Max) @ 180lbs ~20% body fat:
  - 210 squat
  - 185 bench
  - 165 deadlift
